---
layout: ../layouts/main.astro
head_title: Privacy Policy
---
# Privacy Policy

Last updated: January 12, 2024

# Interpretation and Definitions

## Interpretation

The words of which the initial letter is capitalized have meanings defined under the following conditions. The following definitions shall have the same meaning regardless of whether they appear in singular or in plural.

## Definitions

For the purposes of this Privacy Policy:

- __Company__ (referred to as either "the Company", "We", "Us" or "Our" in this Agreement) refers to FantasyTeam.

- __Cookies__ are small files that are placed on Your computer, mobile device or any other device by a website, containing the details who you are.

- __Country__ refers to:  Vietnam

- __Personal Data__ is any information that relates to an identified or identifiable individual and your Discord user id.

- __Service__ refers to the Discord Bot or the Website or both.

- __Usage Data__ refers to data collected automatically, either generated by the use of the Service or from the Service infrastructure itself (for example, the duration of a page visit).

- __Website__ refers to Fantasy Website, accessible from [https://fantasybot.xyz](https://fantasybot.xyz)

- __Support Server__ refers to Fantasy Support Server, accessible from Discord [https://fantasybot.xyz/support](https://fantasybot.xyz/support)

- __You__ means the individual accessing or using the Service, or the company, or other legal entity on behalf of which such individual is accessing or using the Service.



# Collecting and Using Your Personal Data

## Types of Data Collected

### Personal Data

While using Our Service, We may ask You to provide Us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify You. Personally identifiable information may include, but is not limited to:


- Usage Data



### Usage Data

What we collect is:
 - You user id to identify you
 - Guild id for tracking data
 - Data you give us like afk message and ...
 - Bug log include ( when you make some err )
	- Bug ID (random 32 chater id include number and character)
	- Trackback (Bug Log)
	- Author Make Bug ( Username && ID )
	- Channel That you make bug ( Name && ID )
	- Guild that you make bug ( Name && ID )

all data of you will be delete after you left guild (Aka: Discord server) or you can contact us through Support Server


### Tracking Technologies and Cookies

We respect your privacy so we will not track you and all we track is on Usage Data

What we use to track Bug and Analytics on Web

- Sentry

- Google Analytics

# Links to Other Websites

Our Service may contain links to other websites that are not operated by Us. If You click on a third party link, You will be directed to that third party's site. We strongly advise You to review the Privacy Policy of every site You visit.

We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites or services.

# Contact Us

If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, You can contact us:


- By email: support@fantasybot.xyz
- By Discord: [https://fantasybot.xyz/support](https://fantasybot.xyz/support)